README.md, before:

# Agent Todo

A task queue system for parallel agent workflows using the Model Context Protocol (MCP). Queue tasks from Claude Code and execute them in parallel git worktrees.

## Overview

Agent Todo provides two components:

1. **MCP Server** (`agent-todo-server`): A Model Context Protocol server that exposes tools for queueing tasks
2. **Worker CLI** (`agent-todo-worker`): A command-line tool that processes queued tasks by creating git worktrees and executing Claude Code

## Use Case

This tool enables a workflow where:
- An AI agent (like Claude Code) can queue multiple feature requests or bug fixes
- You manually execute these tasks in parallel across different git worktrees
- Each task runs in isolation, allowing concurrent development
- Results can be reviewed and turned into pull requests independently

## Installation

```bash
npm install
npm run build
```

Or install globally:

```bash
npm install -g .
```

## Usage

### 1. Configure the MCP Server

Add the MCP server to your Claude Code configuration. Edit your Claude Code MCP settings file (typically `~/.config/claude/mcp.json` or similar):

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "agent-todo": {
      "command": "node",
      "args": ["/path/to/agent-todo/dist/mcp-server.js"]
    }
  }
}
```

Or if installed globally:

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "agent-todo": {
      "command": "agent-todo-server"
    }
  }
}
```

### 2. Queue Tasks from Claude Code

Once configured, Claude Code will have access to the following tools:

#### `queue_task`

Queue a new task for later execution.

```typescript
// Example usage from Claude Code
queue_task({
  repoPath: "/path/to/your/repo",
  baseBranch: "main",
  prompt: "Add user authentication feature with OAuth support"
})
```

#### `list_tasks`

View all tasks in the queue with their current status.

```typescript
list_tasks({})
```

#### `remove_task`

Remove a task from the queue.

```typescript
remove_task({
  taskId: "task-1234567890-abc123"
})
```

### 3. Process Tasks

Run the worker to process the oldest queued task:

```bash
npm run start:worker
```

Or if installed globally:

```bash
agent-todo-worker
```

The worker will:
1. Find the oldest queued task
2. Create a git worktree in `~/worktrees/`
3. Create a new branch for the task
4. Execute Claude Code with the provided prompt
5. Leave the worktree intact for review

### 4. Review and Create PR

After the worker completes:

1. Navigate to the worktree directory shown in the output
2. Review the changes made by Claude Code
3. Create a pull request if satisfied
4. Clean up the worktree when done:

```bash
cd /path/to/original/repo
git worktree remove ~/worktrees/repo-name-task-id
```

## Task Storage

Tasks are stored in `~/.agent-todo/queue.json` as a simple JSON file. Each task includes:

- `id`: Unique task identifier
- `repoPath`: Absolute path to the git repository
- `baseBranch`: Branch to base the new work on
- `prompt`: Instructions for Claude Code
- `createdAt`: ISO timestamp of task creation
- `status`: One of `queued`, `processing`, `completed`, or `failed`

## Workflow Example

```bash
# In Claude Code session
# Queue multiple tasks using the MCP tool
> Use queue_task to add a feature for user authentication
> Use queue_task to add a feature for email notifications
> Use queue_task to fix the login bug

# In terminal - process tasks in parallel
$ agent-todo-worker  # Terminal 1
$ agent-todo-worker  # Terminal 2
$ agent-todo-worker  # Terminal 3

# Each worker creates a separate worktree and works independently
# Review and create PRs for each completed task
```

## Development

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Run in development mode
npm run dev

# Build
npm run build

# Run built version
npm run start:server  # For MCP server
npm run start:worker  # For worker
```

## Architecture

- **Queue Manager** (`src/queue.ts`): Handles task storage and retrieval
- **MCP Server** (`src/mcp-server.ts`): Exposes MCP protocol tools over stdio
- **Worker** (`src/worker.ts`): Processes tasks by creating worktrees and running Claude Code

## Requirements

- Node.js 18+
- Git
- Claude Code CLI (`claude code`)

## License

Apache-2.0

Commit message:

Switch to tsdown for optimized single-file builds
- Replace tsc with tsdown for building
- Add tsdown.config.ts with configuration for both entry points
- Bundle all dependencies into single executable files
- Results in smaller, faster-loading binaries
- Update README with build system documentation

README.md, after:

# Agent Todo

A task queue system for parallel agent workflows using the Model Context Protocol (MCP). Queue tasks from Claude Code and execute them in parallel git worktrees.

## Overview

Agent Todo provides two components:

1. **MCP Server** (`agent-todo-server`): A Model Context Protocol server that exposes tools for queueing tasks
2. **Worker CLI** (`agent-todo-worker`): A command-line tool that processes queued tasks by creating git worktrees and executing Claude Code

## Use Case

This tool enables a workflow where:
- An AI agent (like Claude Code) can queue multiple feature requests or bug fixes
- You manually execute these tasks in parallel across different git worktrees
- Each task runs in isolation, allowing concurrent development
- Results can be reviewed and turned into pull requests independently

## Installation

```bash
npm install
npm run build
```

Or install globally:

```bash
npm install -g .
```

## Usage

### 1. Configure the MCP Server

Add the MCP server to your Claude Code configuration. Edit your Claude Code MCP settings file (typically `~/.config/claude/mcp.json` or similar):

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "agent-todo": {
      "command": "node",
      "args": ["/path/to/agent-todo/dist/mcp-server.js"]
    }
  }
}
```

Or if installed globally:

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "agent-todo": {
      "command": "agent-todo-server"
    }
  }
}
```

### 2. Queue Tasks from Claude Code

Once configured, Claude Code will have access to the following tools:

#### `queue_task`

Queue a new task for later execution.

```typescript
// Example usage from Claude Code
queue_task({
  repoPath: "/path/to/your/repo",
  baseBranch: "main",
  prompt: "Add user authentication feature with OAuth support"
})
```

#### `list_tasks`

View all tasks in the queue with their current status.

```typescript
list_tasks({})
```

#### `remove_task`

Remove a task from the queue.

```typescript
remove_task({
  taskId: "task-1234567890-abc123"
})
```

### 3. Process Tasks

Run the worker to process the oldest queued task:

```bash
npm run start:worker
```

Or if installed globally:

```bash
agent-todo-worker
```

The worker will:
1. Find the oldest queued task
2. Create a git worktree in `~/worktrees/`
3. Create a new branch for the task
4. Execute Claude Code with the provided prompt
5. Leave the worktree intact for review

### 4. Review and Create PR

After the worker completes:

1. Navigate to the worktree directory shown in the output
2. Review the changes made by Claude Code
3. Create a pull request if satisfied
4. Clean up the worktree when done:

```bash
cd /path/to/original/repo
git worktree remove ~/worktrees/repo-name-task-id
```

## Task Storage

Tasks are stored in `~/.agent-todo/queue.json` as a simple JSON file. Each task includes:

- `id`: Unique task identifier
- `repoPath`: Absolute path to the git repository
- `baseBranch`: Branch to base the new work on
- `prompt`: Instructions for Claude Code
- `createdAt`: ISO timestamp of task creation
- `status`: One of `queued`, `processing`, `completed`, or `failed`

## Workflow Example

```bash
# In Claude Code session
# Queue multiple tasks using the MCP tool
> Use queue_task to add a feature for user authentication
> Use queue_task to add a feature for email notifications
> Use queue_task to fix the login bug

# In terminal - process tasks in parallel
$ agent-todo-worker  # Terminal 1
$ agent-todo-worker  # Terminal 2
$ agent-todo-worker  # Terminal 3

# Each worker creates a separate worktree and works independently
# Review and create PRs for each completed task
```

## Development

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Run in development mode
npm run dev

# Build
npm run build

# Run built version
npm run start:server  # For MCP server
npm run start:worker  # For worker
```

## Architecture

- **Queue Manager** (`src/queue.ts`): Handles task storage and retrieval
- **MCP Server** (`src/mcp-server.ts`): Exposes MCP protocol tools over stdio
- **Worker** (`src/worker.ts`): Processes tasks by creating worktrees and running Claude Code

### Build System

This project uses [tsdown](https://github.com/egoist/tsdown) for building, which:
- Bundles all dependencies into single executable files
- Produces optimized, minified output
- Results in fast startup times and small file sizes
- Automatically includes the shebang (`#!/usr/bin/env node`) for direct execution

## Requirements

- Node.js 18+
- Git
- Claude Code CLI (`claude code`)

## License

Apache-2.0
